Do arguments in Python get passed by reference or by value?
Why are functions considered first class objects in Python?
What tools do you use for linting, debugging and profiling?
Give an example of filter and reduce over an iterable object
Implement the linux whereis command that locates the binary, source, and manual page files for a command.
What are list and dict comprehensions?
What do we mean when we say that a certain Lambda expression forms a closure?
What is the difference between list and tuple?

------------------------
What are Mutable and Immutable Data structures in Python ?
What are tuples ?
What is difference between tuple and list ? Where will you use tuple and where will you use list ?
What is Dynamic Typing ?
Justify this statement : Everything is object in Python ?
Python is Call by Value or Call by Reference ?
How do you create a dictionary which can preserve the order of pairs?
Can you use mutable Data Structure as key in Dictionaries ?
What is the use of enumerate() in Python?
What are *args, **kwargs ?
How instance variables are different from class variables?
Differentiate between “*.py” file and “*.pyc” file?
Explain difference between Map vs Reduce Vs Filter ?
What are Lamda Functions ?
What is List comprehension ?
What is __init__ functions ?
What are Generators ?
What are Iterators ?
Can generator be used to create Iterators ? Give example
Can iterators be used to create generator ?
Differentiate between Range and Xrange ?
What is Method Resolution Order ?
Python supports Multi-Level Inheritance or Multiple Inheritance or Both ?
Does Python supports multi-threading ?
What is multi-threading? What is GIL(Global interpreter lock) issue ?
What are decorator ? How to create custom decorator ?
How memory is managed in Python ?
How does Python's garbage collection work?
What are Regular Expressions ?
Differentiate between append() and extend() methods ?
What is Web Scraping? How do you achieve it in Python?
Explain the use “with” statement in python?
What are Middlewares ?
What is Monkey patching ? Give example ?
What's the difference between py2.x and py3.x ?
Give examples of Python Framework ?
